Cockpit 182 (#222)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2018-11-14-cockpit-182.md

---
title: Cockpit 182
author: Gundersanne
date: 2018-11-14
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-182
category: release
summary: Cockpit with libvirt connection choice in VM creation and PackageKit improvements
comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We
release regularly.  Here are the release notes from version 182.

### Machines: Add libvirt connection choice in VM creation dialog

The VM creation dialog now offers different connections to the libvirt
daemon. The options result in either a user session URI or a system URI.

![Creation dialog connection
choice](/images/machines-libvirt-create-connection-choice.png)

_Thanks to Katerina Koukiou for this improvement!_

### PackageKit page improvements

Update severity is now indicated by a tooltip. The severity shown is equal to
the severity of the update with the highest severity among the available updates
for a package.

![PackageKit severity tooltip](/images/packagekit-severity-tooltips.png)

Furthermore if the system is not registered the PackageKit page will now display

> this clearly.

Reviewer: The page is called "Software Updates", not "PackageKit".

To clarify, this empty state has always existed, but only if there were really no pending updates (e. g. from repos that don't require subscription). How about:

If the system is not registered,  the Software Updates page now always points this out. This avoids confusion if there are some available updates from third-party repositories, but the system as a whole still does not receive updates.

Author: Ah, then I misunderstood that. I'll change it thanks!

---
title: Cockpit 182
author: Gundersanne
date: 2018-11-14
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-182
category: release
summary: Cockpit with libvirt connection choice in VM creation and Software Updates improvements
comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We
release regularly.  Here are the release notes from version 182.

### Machines: Add libvirt connection choice in VM creation dialog

The VM creation dialog now offers different connections to the libvirt

> daemon. The options result in either a user session URI or a system URI.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "the libvirt daemon", consider either:

- "the libvirt service"
- "libvirt"

Reviewer 2: Also, remove the duplicate "URI" and "a":

```suggestion
daemon. The options result in either a user session or system URI.
```

![Creation dialog connection
choice](/images/machines-libvirt-create-connection-choice.png)

_Thanks to Katerina Koukiou for this improvement!_

### Software Updates page improvements

> Update severity is now indicated by a tooltip. The severity shown is equal to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update severity icons now have tooltips. The severity shown is equal to
```

the severity of the update with the highest severity among the available updates
for a package.

![Software Updates severity tooltip](/images/packagekit-severity-tooltips.png)

If the system is not registered, the Software Updates page now always points

> this out. This avoids confusion if there are some available updates from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this out. This avoids confusion if there are available updates from
```
